Fixes for Hilla launch (#1080)
vaadin/docs: articles/tutorials/in-depth-course/type-safe-server-access-with-endpoints.adoc

  return contactRepository.save(contact);
}

public void deleteContact(UUID contactId) {
  contactRepository.deleteById(contactId);
}
----

Note that `saveContact()` looks up the `company` and `status` by ID to avoid saving changes to them by accident. 

Save the file and ensure the development server build is successful. 

> If you have shut down the server, re-start it with the `./mvnw` command from the command line. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have shut the server down, restart it from the command line with `./mvnw`. 
```
